Executive Summary

Data, Information, and Knowledge 
Relational Data -- Data are just pieces of raw information that have no context, such as customer orders for merchandise.  Information is processed data that has purpose and meaning, ususally manipulated to tell a story about trends and patterns.  Knowledge is familiarity with the facts about certain systems or items, relevant to the information.
The primary key in the customers and orders tables would be the order ID. Since people can have the same names, we would want something that will not be duplicated.  Order ID's are more than likely sequential and would never be the same for any two orders.  The customers and Orders tables would have the Order ID in common.  The foregin key would be like Order_number or something in the orders table, which is the OrderID in the customers table. The date field's data type needs to be defined so it is not treated as a currency or as int. There also has to be the correct amount of storage space allotted for a date field. -- 
Big Data -- Volume; in orbder to make sense of data, the size of it has to be taken into consideration, also there needs to be a qualifier to consider a set to be 'big data' maybe a terabyte.  Variety; the types of data has to be considered, for example images, emails, text, etc. The types of data has an impact on how it's analyzed.  Velocity; how quickly a certain data set is generated.  Variability; inconsistencies in the data at any given time can have an impact on managing it.  Social media sites are a good source of data to determine preferences, which can then be used to tailor marketing.  Customer feedback tools are now getting replaced by systems designed to handle big data, which an lead to better customer service, better product safety risk and awareness around complaints, and better efficiency overall.
Structured Query Language -- Relational Database Management System RDBMS is the basis for SQL, and data is stored in objects called tables.  Tables are a collections of fields (related data entries in columns) and rows (records).  Between the Order Details table and the Products table, the ProductID is the primary key.  Between the Orders table and the Customers table, the CustomerID is the foreign key.
SQL Injections -- A code injection technique, and is a very common hacking practice.  This is extremely dangerous because a hacker could manipulate bank account data for example, and siphon funds to a fraudulent account, or get usernames and passwords.  To protect agains this, SQL Parameters are used.  Parameters are values added to a query at execution time.
Ethical and Legal Implications 
Code of Ethics -- An ethical code serves as a moral compass by setting certain moral guidelines.  With technology comes new capabilities and opportunities to manipulate, collect, and invade aspects of people's lives and businesses.  With the increased capability comes increased responsibility.  An acceptable use policy is more black and white, and outlines permissible as well as impermissible behaviors.  I chose the Virginia Tech Acceptable Use policy, I thought it would be pretty relevant since this is a college course.  It outlines a series of conformities that anyone using the systems and hardware of the university have to adhere to.   For example, individual may not purposefully and/or maliciously waste resources by excessive printing or sending out massive email chains.  Basically, any individual using the resources may not cause harm or abuse them in any way.

https://vt.edu/acceptable-use.html

A copyright is the protection given to any work that has an author.  Copyrighted material are solely under the control of the author, and the copyright lasts for the lifetime of the author plus 70 years.  If the work is going to be used commercially, then a copyright is necessary.  This is the only way to take legal action if the work gets used without permission.  It would be important to copyright the svg image if someone were really planning on using it for their online business or to advertise their product.  A trademark, like the logo that we created defines the intellectual property by linking the image to the product or business, as well as consumer protection.  Everytime you see my logo, you know that you are seeing my product or business represented, and not seeing it means you are not getting my brand.
Information Collection -- COPPA deals with websites that are collecting information from children under the age of 13.  COPPA compliance means making best efforts to determine the age of the individuals accessing the website, if under 13, parental consent is required.  FERPA controls and regulates the rights to a students educational records lying with the parents until the child turns 18.  HIPAA regulates maintenance, rights, and disclosure of PHI or Personal Health Information.  There are stiff penalties if an entity is found to have violated HIPAA compliance.  I work at a firm that creates payments on behalf of insurance companies, so I am very familiar with HIPAA compliance.
